All right, next up,
what we need to do is to make an add to cart button.
So if we go into our components, make a new file
and we will call it capital A, AddToCart.js.
And we will export default function, AddToCart
that AddToCart is going to take in the ID of the product
that we wish to add to cart.
And from that, we will return a button with...
I wonder, is there a shortcut to having a button
with the type of button?
Nope, button with the type of button.
And inside of there, we'll just say add to cart
and do a shopping cart emoji, shopping, okay.
Next we need a mutation.
So const, Add_To_Cart_mutation.
So you go to GQL,
import that
and here I say, mutation, actually, we can just take it.
If you still have your tab open from that
we can just paste what we got so far
and then modify it a little, call it add to cart mutation
that takes in an ID with the type of ID that is required.
And then we basically will pass that ID variable here
in place of us hard coding it like we did previously
and we only need the ID value coming back
we don't need the quantity.
Then we'll go here.
Say const, add to cart.
We're gonna make our mutation add to cart.
And we need the loading variable is equal to use mutation.
That is our add to cart mutation.
And then the variable that needs to be passed
is the ID and that is just the ID that got passed in.
All right, so we have this loaded up,
add to cart mutation here.
The other thing we need to do is,
we'll do the loading state in just a second
make sure we don't forget to do the loading state
'cause that's kind of important,
but now I believe if we go to our product singular
right alongside, we have our edit, our delete
we should also have an add to cart.
We'll put it in the middle, add to cart button and the ID.
Is that going to be the product of ID?
Need to import the add to cart button.
Yeah, that auto import worked.
No it didn't.
We'll do it one more time.
Yes, there we go.
It imported add to cart, good.
Now, if we go back to our thing,
there we go, add to cart.
So we got the button showing up,
but we need to go one step further
and hook up the click of that.
So on click is equal to add to cart,
that's the method that or the function that is going to run.
So if we open up our cart now,
you see I've got four things for about 5,100 bucks.
And if I click on it, like nothing happened to the button.
And if I opened this, nothing happened either.
But if I manually refresh the page and open it up
you'll see the Yeti Hondo is now in there
and it's gone up by $34, okay?
So next step we need to do is actually
visually show the user that something is happening.
So what we'll do is, we'll say disabled is equal to loading.
And then also if we are in a loading state,
so say loading and end
and then we'll just tack an ING onto the end there.
So we'll say adding to cart.
Now, when I click on this, see,
just for a split second, we see that something is happening.
Now, if I open it up
there still is only one Yeti Hondo in there.
And that's because we have not re fetched the number
of items in the user's cart.
So we can go back to our mutation
and say re fetch queries is an array
or each query has a query property
and it is the current user query.
I've got to import that from our user component.
So import current user, what is it?
It's a named export.
So why is the auto import not working?
Let's try it one more time.
There we go.
Okay, now let's open it up, 5,187,
actually no, we've got to manually refresh.
There we go, 5,323.
And then if I add it, you see that that item
that number has incremented
by one every single time that we have it
and the value immediately updates as well.
Last thing I want to do is be able to display how
many items are in the user's cart in the nav
and we will cover that in the next video.